c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.config
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.pdb
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy2.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\log4net.AutoFac.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy2.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.dll
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.pdb
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\юлиан\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
